So we've exported our textures out of substance painter.
Let's go into unity now and let's bring in our lamp and take a look at our textures.
Now I've already brought in the end table here.
I'll go ahead and click on that and drag it into the hierarchy and there it is.
So I'll just place this maybe right over here and we'll put the lamp on top of that.
So I'll open up a Finder window here grab this table lamp and drag it into the assets folder.
If we drag this into the hierarchy there is our lamp.
Put it over on the table there.
I'll zoom in with the key and let's go about assigning our textures to the materials.
If we open up the table lamp F.P. X-File here we can see we've got one object for the base one object
for the lamp shade.
So the base here I can take to pure white and if we go down into our textures folder and into our table
lamp folder that we created earlier you can see here are the textures we generated out of substance
painter.
So here is our albedo or our color our metal smoothness and our normal maps.
So with this base selected I will drag in the Al-Bayda here to that slot drag in the metal smoothness
into the metal slot and drag the normal map into the normal map slot.
Now once we do that we're going to have to click fix now to mark this as a normal map but then there
we go.
Now for the lamp shade Let's take a look at this.
I want to select this and we've got our standard shader here that was created when we brought it in
to change the color just a bit.
I think I wanted to be more of kind of a off white kind of a color here something like that.
I can reduce the metallic and the smoothness here and I'm going to change the emission color so that
it's a little bit brighter so that it actually appears like light is coming out of it but that is just
yet another example of how we can organize our objects and materials based on what we want to do with
them in unity or in an external program like substance painter or pixel studio.
So as I think about these walls now there's yet another scenario that we can talk about.
What I'd like to do here is I want two different textures on these walls.
So for say this wall here the one behind the couch.
I want to have kind of an old stained or torn wallpaper texture on that.
And I also want that over here on this wall.
And I'd like that on this wall here.
So in three of the walls now on the other walls I want some sort of painted texture like an old plaster
wall that's maybe lost its paint or is peeling or something.
And I want that texture on this wall here in the center here.
This wall in the kitchen.
And I want that painted texture on this wall as well.
So I've got two different textures for each of those textures.
I've got three different walls.
Now if we go back to Blender Let's go back to blender and take a look at our U-V maps for these walls.
Here's one here.
Well go to my U-V editing screen lay out and let's take a look at the U.V. map for this all hit tab.
Select all of the faces with the A key and there is.
Are you the map now.
It's not real optimized.
There's a lot of empty space around here.
What we could do is try and use up more of the space for our texture map here by including the U.V.
maps of other objects.
So let's say I also included this U.V. map and I also included
this UAV map here what if I could get them all in one texture space so when the game is running it doesn't
have to pull from multiple texture maps to apply the textures to these three objects.
What we can do is build a single texture map for multiple objects.
So let's think about how we might do that.
First of all I think here I'll work with this map while we have it up.
I'll go and hit the Beaky and I'm going to border select this piece right here I'm going to control
up arrow to enlarge the screen here and I'm gonna hit G and just move it to the side for now.
I'll take this U.V. map and this U-V map which is the baseboard up here and I'll move this up say up
here.
I'll put that right up here and this UVM map for the baseboard I'll put right down here.
All right what I'll do is I will combine at least temporarily.
Now this wall and this wall into one object.
I don't necessarily want it to be on one object forever.
I want to be able to have a little bit of control of what I do with it in unity so I can select one
wall and move it back or move forward if I need to.
But I can like this wall shift select that one in press control J.
And now if I tab into that mode I can see both of the U-V maps.
I'll take this piece and move it aside like that.
These are the backs of the walls.
I'll take this piece and move it up with this guy right appear.
Move these baseboard U-V islands down to go along with this U-V island down here.
All right now I'll select this one shift select the walls here and hit Control J again.
NF I tab into edit mode here we have that U.V. map as well I'll take the back of the wall and move it
aside for just a minute.
I'll grab that baseboard U-V island and move it down.
And I'll grab this wall right here and move it down just a bit as well.
So now that we have all of the islands into one U-V map we can begin thinking about exporting this out
to Photoshop.
However there are a couple of issues we need to think about before we do that and we'll talk about that
in the next video.